BRIEFROOM — Hackathon edition
Based on https://github.com/tavily-ai/meeting-prep-agent (MIT).
Upstream license and calendar workflow are retained.

FRONTEND / KEY-FREE DEMO
cd ui
npm ci
npm start
Open http://localhost:5173

LIVE RESEARCH
Create a Python virtual environment and install:
pip install fastapi uvicorn httpx python-dotenv
Set TAVILY_API_KEY in a root .env file, then run:
python app.py
Start the frontend as above and select Live research.
The original calendar endpoint additionally needs requirements.txt and the
upstream Google Calendar MCP setup described in README.md.

PRODUCT
Demo uses fictional Northstar Labs data and makes no network research calls.
Live mode retrieves Tavily source excerpts; it does not claim verified facts.
Rehearsal is a self-guided practice flow, without automated scoring.
Checklist and practice notes are session-only. Export saves a text brief.
The server binds to localhost. Add authentication, rate limits, and hosting
configuration before exposing live research publicly.

DEMO STORY
1. Explore the fictional meeting brief.
2. Rehearse a stakeholder question and draft talking points.
3. Complete the readiness checklist and export the brief.
4. With a Tavily key configured, research a real company.

HINDSIGHT MEETING MEMORY
Install the focused local dependencies:
pip install fastapi uvicorn httpx python-dotenv hindsight-client==0.10.1
Add HINDSIGHT_API_URL and HINDSIGHT_API_KEY to root .env, then restart:
python app.py
Cloud endpoint and key come from your own Hindsight instance. A local instance
can omit the key if its own authentication configuration permits it.
Select Hindsight live in the memory studio. Load a fictional meeting, retain,
then prepare. Repeat with meeting 2 and compare evidence and changed context.
Retain is synchronous; allow up to 90 seconds per provider operation. A prepare
request performs recall then reflect and can take longer than a single call.
Offline practice uses browser localStorage and a fixed latest-note template;
it is not Hindsight or model learning. The live service stores extracted facts
and reflects over the accumulated context; it does not retrain model weights.
API routes: GET /api/memory/status; POST /api/memory/retain;
POST /api/memory/prepare. Implementation: backend/memory.py.
Run tests: python3 -m unittest discover -s tests -v
Use SUBMISSION_PLAYBOOK.txt for judging alignment and a 3-minute demo script.
This is a localhost, single-user workspace. Company/contact banks are data
scopes, not authorization. Add authenticated tenant isolation before sharing
an internet-accessible backend. Neither notes nor keys belong in Git.
